Welcome this lecture is all about how you can get the most out of this course by being an active and
engaged student the kind that we really really love.
So we are going to be telling you about how you can get hold of the code changes and the code that was
created in these lectures over on gitte Hubble by telling a little bit about that.
Are we telling you about our community site and how you can access it and how you can use it to the
best advantage for yourself and to share with other students.
Going to tell you how to get access to these slides.
And for this lecture and I'm going to tell you a bit more about the other places that we have community
out on the web that you can join and be part of and feel like a part of a full and rich cohort that
we are.
So let's jump in and see how to do that.
So those of you new to game def TV courses might be wondering that some things are a little bit different
to what you might be used to.
And one of the first little differences you might encounter is that in the video we've got this bar
at the bottom which is just to help you keep track of where we currently are and what we're currently
doing in the video.
So I'm going to be clicking at the bottom there and it will give us an idea of the next thing that we're
doing so right now I want to talk to you a little bit about source control and code.
So in our coding courses we always have a link in the resources so this is the you know we page as you
might expect it.
And here if you expand for the resources available you'll see there's always going to be resources available
because we've always got something to share with you.
And those resources for example are at lectureship project changes.
Now what this points to if I go and click this is the exact commit for this lecture.
So what that means is it shows you exactly the changes made in this particular lecture.
So we've got the gitte ignore file that we added in the last lecture.
We've also got all the files from the third person example project that were included and is very good
with code because it shows you exactly what was added and what was removed.
So if at any point you're like did I do exactly what was in the video I'm not sure I totally managed
to follow that.
Then just click on this link and go and have a look at exactly what was added and removed.
We don't do anything off screen.
So everything here is what was done in the lecture.
So you can always do that from any lecture just to repeat this.
By the way is great hub.
If you've never come across give up before don't worry just use it.
As I mentioned.
But for those of you do know about it hub then you'll see that there is an unreal multi player user
and this organization as it's called and get hub terminology.
And here we have a section or a repository per section per project so you can see here.
There's actually an index of the lectures and everything coming in lectures.
But that's a bit inside.
So that is how to get hold of the code how to get hold the source code.
You can always download.
By the way the source codes if I go back to the link that I followed you can see up here.
That's what it looks like.
And I can always go to browse files and download my own copy by going to clone or download and then
just downloading the zip.
Or you can clone it at if you know how to use it.
But you could always download the zip and you can just run it in unreel and just double check it against
your own stuff so that's always a great first port of call you having issues go and double check it
against the code that I have got in the lecture and see how it might be different see why something
might be going wrong.
Okay.
So that source control out of the way.
The next up is our community site that's the second link you'll see here.
And it says this lectures discussions now have you go and click this lectures discussions.
It will take you to a special part of our community website specific to this lecture.
So if you go ahead and add a new discussion let me just show you a couple of things that will happen.
You've got the option to create your own title.
But here at the bottom you've got a special little tag or lecture link that is going to collect all
the posts that came from this specific lecture together.
And in fact Furthermore we've got some more categorization going on here because we're inside the section
called one puzzle platforms Section 1 puzzle platforms.
And that itself is inside the section called unreel multiplex.
That's what you're seeing in this little breadcrumb navigation at the middle of the page saying unreel
multiplayer.
So one puzzle platforms and then this string with underscores that's basically saying lecture one connecting
two players as is the name of the lecture.
So if you go to any one of these you can go up to the section level and have a look at all the posts
for a given section.
You can go up to the coarse level and have a look at all the posts for the given course unreal multiplayer
and you can even go and have a look at some of the other courses just by going to the game deaf community
home page that's community not going to adopt.
You mean you can see everything from all our courses there and all the topics that are being posted.
So that is our community website again.
You can always follow it from the link on every lecture as it is a unique link for every lecture.
Now how about the slides.
You've seen me using slides in the previous lecture and you've seen the challenge slides and all the
various resources that sometimes it can be useful to go back and refer to them.
How do you find them I hear you ask.
Well you go to bitly multiplayer slides there's also going to be a link against this lecture and bitly
multiplayer slides will take you to this Google Drive page which will have more slide decks and they're
listed by section so you can open up the section 1 slide deck and here it is.
You've got the section 1 slide that will take a little bit of time to load because there are some images
in there and so on and so forth but you can then just go through and have a look at the slide.
In fact you can go and have a look at the slides.
While I am editing them and making the section.
If you're here in early access so it's always worth going to the bitly multiplayer slides and you can
make a comment on the slides as you're doing them saying All that sounds interesting.
Well I don't understand this and I will hopefully reply to them.
So do go and visit the slides if you're interested you can also download them.
I think somehow I'm sure you can figure out yes than him download.
As you can download it's a PowerPoint or a PDA if you like that sort of thing to have it off line or
on your phone on your tablet or something of that sort.
Okay what about the rest of our rich community while our rich community tends to live mostly on you
to me because you're here taking our courses so we also have a very vibrant Q and A.
Obviously this is not very vibrant just yet but you can go and browse or Kule able to ask questions
there.
And furthermore we have a Facebook group which also linked from this lecturer.
So don't worry about trying to remember all these your elves they're all linked from this lecture and
the Facebook group is generally for all you lovely unreel folk trying to learn.
Und real stuff so you can go and have a chat.
Share some stuff and do all that kind of great Facebook stuff.
Over on I guess it Facebook.
And there's one more place that you can go which is our discord live chat server.
The game dev TV official server and here you can see we have multiple channels including one for unreel
and that is where you might go and chat about unreal with people who are online at the time and it's
real time chat so different to the other things on there.
If you're familiar with this good it's a game a chat if you're not familiar with it then that is quite
a cool place to be.
And nice to hang out and sometimes we do live voice things there as well which can be quite fun.
Okay so that is a lot of places a very rich community indeed lots of places to go.
So I want to give you a quick little map that may help you to navigate that community and actually figure
out where you need to go if you've got a particular desire to share or a particular question to ask
and that is the main distinction in fact is.
Are we talking about something that needs an answer.
So let me give you an example.
I've got some code that I've been following along with the letter and it's not compiling and there's
an error and I'm not sure what this error means.
So I'm going to ask myself the question.
Does it need an answer.
Well the answer here is yes because there is something there is a solution.
There is something that can be marked as a correct answer.
So yes it does need an answer so I'm going to go and post that on you to meet Q In Ages 3.
Mind you the enemy Q and A being this one here works as broski at the bottom you lecture and you have
questions you can ask a new question and you can put in all your usual bug reporting style stuff there
so you got to tell us what you have tried how it is you are expecting it to behave how it actually behave
screenshots and videos are really helpful.
If it's the kind of behaviour like that code if it is not a screen shot a ball and code please please
please please.
You share it using the code formatting option here in the Q and A.
Or using a hub just so he joked just docket hubdub com and paste your code in here and that gives you
a link that you can share in the Q in a.
That just makes it so much easier for us to read.
So please consider those of people who are going to be trying to help you and make it easy for them
to help you.
That's just the golden rule.
Make it easy for people to help you.
Okay so once you have shared it on udemy you've got ask yourself the question is this issue blocking
me.
Are you stuck.
And if that is the case if you're completely stuck then it might be a good idea to go and share a link
to your Q and A question over on discord because discord is alive chat you can go and say hey guys I
am having a bit of an issue is anyone around who could help me out and as someone from the community
might be able to help you out.
If they are not.
Then you've always got the fallback of having asked the question.
On the Q and A.
In the first place.
So either me or one of the student instructors or another member from the community will come in and
help here.
Now do remember to give as well as you get.
You may get lots of answers on macewan.
But please go and browse the cuno as well and look for unanswered questions and see if you can help.
Help.
See if you can at least point them in a direction that might be helpful.
That helped us a lot.
It helps other students get a better response and in turn that will obviously help you get a better
response as well.
Now let's take another example what if it doesn't need an answer.
What if I made a really cool game and I want people to give me some feedback about it.
Well it doesn't have a answer per say.
You can't mark that.
Oh yes that feedback was the correct feedback.
So it is not needing an answer is you're wanting some response but you're not needing an answer per
say and that is where you would go to gamed dot TV So you would follow the link from the lecture.
So just show you that you got the lecture resources and you go to this lectures discussions.
And here you would create a new topic and you would give it an enticing name.
You would include lots of screenshots may be a video because basically you want to enthuse people and
get some response.
You really want to market the thing that you're trying to share so that people want to get involved
and talk about it.
And then if you want to get more exposure for that then you can share it over on discord again.
Same deal.
Now again give some and get some.
If you're going to share on game day of TV please please please go and have a look through at least
the section discussions and see if someone answers shared some stuff and give them some response and
give them some feedback because that's always very lovely to hear what people think about your work.
Criticism obviously do it with care and do it in a nice way.
Not in a nasty way.
That should be fairly obvious So all that remains is for me to give you a challenge and that challenge
is to say hello world and in his case.
I'm not asking you to write some code.
I'm actually asking you to go and say hello to our community.
So go and introduce yourself to the community.
Use the map from the previous slide has a guide to where you should end up and share your why.
Why are you doing this course.
What do you want to make from it.
And yes tell us a little bit about your background and your self.
Okay so pause a video and do that challenge.
Okay welcome back.
I hope you did the challenge because you're not going to get anywhere out of this course if you aren't
doing the challenge.
It's a very important part of the game day TV experience.
So if you followed the map then you would have said to yourself well I am just sharing my story and
I'm introducing myself.
That's not something that has a correct answer.
So I'm not going to go to you and me for that.
I'm going to follow the link at game def TV and I'm going to share my story there.
And then I might go and hop on over onto discord again.
The link to the discord.
In fact I haven't mentioned that yet that you need to accept an invite that is linked from this lecture.
Follow that link and you will be able to join in the discourse discussions as well.
So hopefully use that opportunity in this challenge.
We haven't done so already to go and join the dischord server and introduce yourself there as well and
get a little bit involved in the chat going on over there.
So congratulations.
You have been officially introduced to the community and I welcome you wholeheartedly here and I am
sure I will see your messages and I welcome you on the forum as will other students.
So see you in the next lecture.